Improve documentation distributed scheduler (#3380)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/big_data.rst

parameters. This is the reason why e.g. the result of
:meth:`~.api.signals.Signal1D.shift1D` is not lazy.

.. _dask_scheduler:

Dask Scheduler
--------------

> Dask is a flexible library for parallel computing in Python. All of the lazy operations in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dask is a flexible library for parallel computing in Python. All of the lazy operations in
```
```suggestion
Dask is a flexible library for parallel computing in Python. All of the lazy operations (and many of the non lazy operations) in
```

hyperspy run through dask. Dask can be used to run computations on a single machine or

> scaled to a cluster. This section introduce the different scheduler and how to use them
> in HyperSpy - for more details, see the dask documention on
> `scheduling <https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/scheduling.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scaled to a cluster. This section introduces the different schedulers and how to use them
in HyperSpy - for more details, see the dask documention on
`scheduling <https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/scheduling.html>`_.
```
